update for email injection (#152)
Clever/dev-handbook: security/bug-bounty.md

In general, the following would not meet the threshold for severity:

> * Denial of service, spamming, email content modifications, or causing annoyance.
> * Issues with Clever's email server configuration (SPF, DKIM, and DMARC) or name server configuration (DNSSEC).

Reviewer: Maybe we can shift the `email content modifications` to the email bullet point below?

```suggestion
* Denial of service or general actions with the sole intent of causing annoyance.
* Issues surrounding emails:
  * infrastructure-wise: Clever's email server configuration (SPF, DKIM, and DMARC)
  * product-wise: content modification
* Name server configuration (DNSSEC, CAA, etc.).
```
